He's a vixen
I'm your wife
Hey, why are you like this?
I clearly helped you just now
You still treat me like this
I didn't ask you to help
No wonder Lin Feng will divorce you
No one will like your personality
How dare you say that to me
I said what's wrong with you
I'm going to beat you up
I can't stop eating
You two can quarrel slowly
I left first
The divorce is because of you
Why don't you say it's your poor character?
Forget it, I don't care about you
After all, you are just Lin Feng's ex-wife
Next, I will pursue Lin Feng
Then I will marry him and have children
Just wait and see
Lei Feng will not want you
I have just woken up your ex-wife for you
Do you still have him in your heart?
This doesn't seem to have anything to do with you
It's not that the family doesn't enter the same door
This is true at all
You two are obviously the same kind of people
I just helped you
It's okay if you don't say thank you
You also say such words
Miss Xu, I am very grateful to you for taking me to the hospital
But we only met by chance
I don't want to have too much intersection with you